December 15, 2025

Title: "Gender in Teaching: Insights from Five Million Syllabi on Collaboration, Interdisciplinarity, and Reading Selections"
Tracking #: PNASNEXUS-2025-00959-TR
Author(s):
Andrea Blasco (European Commission Joint Research Centre)
Elisa Orlandi (Universita degli Studi di Salerno)


Dear Dr. Blasco,

Thank you for your submission to PNAS Nexus. We encountered the following issues with your manuscript submission that need to be addressed before it can be forwarded to the Editorial Board.


* We have noticed an issue with several table and figure citations in the Article Tracked Changes, which are currently appearing as question marks (e.g., Figure??). Please review the document and correct this referencing issue.

* We noted a discrepancy in the number of references between the Article Tracked Changes file (38 references) and the manuscript file (56 references). Please check both documents and ensure that the reference lists are identical and up-to-date in both files.



To view and remedy these issues, please click the link below, then select the link for this manuscript
https://pnasnexus.msubmit.net/cgi-bin/main.plex?el=A6QV5EpNZ3B4KnGo2F4A9ftdLbOlhKq8b3Lsaql6evUIwZ

Once all changes are made, you can send the manuscript back to us by clicking the Submit Manuscript button. Please be certain that you have made all necessary changes before clicking the Approve Manuscript button; you will not be able to make changes to your manuscript information after you click the link.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact the PNAS Nexus editorial office at pnasnexus.editorialoffice@oup.com.

Sincerely,

Adel Dalina
Editorial Support Assistant
PNAS Nexus
pnexus.oup.ea@straive.com


CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email and any attachments are for the exclusive and confidential use of the individual or individuals named above on behalf of the National Academy of Sciences. The information herein is privileged to the Academy. If you are not the intended recipient, any dissemination, retention, or copying of this communication and its attachments is prohibited.

Please do not feel obliged to reply to this email outside your standard working hours.

Stay connected to the PNAS Journals:
Follow PNAS Nexus and PNAS on X/Twitter
Join PNAS Nexus and PNAS on Bluesky
Find PNAS Nexus and PNAS on Facebook
Connect with PNAS Nexus and PNAS on LinkedIn
