December 3, 2025

Title: "Gender in Teaching: Insights from Five Million Syllabi on Collaboration, Interdisciplinarity, and Reading Selections"
Tracking #: PNASNEXUS-2025-00959-TR
Author(s):
Andrea Blasco (European Commission Joint Research Centre)
Elisa Orlandi (Universita degli Studi di Bologna)


Dear Dr. Blasco,

Thank you for your submission to PNAS Nexus. We encountered the following issues with your manuscript submission that need to be addressed before it can be forwarded to the Editorial Board.


* Because your manuscript was previously reviewed, please provide a marked/highlighted copy of the manuscript showing the changes made at revision. Ensure that both clean and tracked copies are provided. A clean copy should be marked as “Manuscript File, and a highlighted/marked file should be uploaded as an Article Tracked Changes file.

* Please review the Data Availability Statement in both your manuscript file and the submission form to ensure they match.

* Please shorten your manuscript. Research Reports are limited to a maximum of 12 pages. The word count includes all of the main text, excluding references and title page details.

* Please provide a significance statement in your main text document, this is required for Research Report.

* We noted that the corresponding author's email address on the title page does not match the one provided in the submission form. Currently, the email address listed on the title page is andrea.blasco@ec.europa.eu, while in the submission form is mrblasco@gmail.com. Please edit the file/form so the email address matches on both parts of the submission.

To view and remedy these issues, please click the link below, then select the link for this manuscript
https://pnasnexus.msubmit.net/cgi-bin/main.plex?el=A7QV3EpNZ5B7KnGo6F5A9ftdLbOlhKq8b3Lsaql6evUIwZ

Once all changes are made, you can send the manuscript back to us by clicking the Submit Manuscript button. Please be certain that you have made all necessary changes before clicking the Approve Manuscript button; you will not be able to make changes to your manuscript information after you click the link.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact the PNAS Nexus editorial office at pnasnexus.editorialoffice@oup.com.

Sincerely,

Adel Dalina
Editorial Support Assistant
PNAS Nexus
pnexus.oup.ea@straive.com


CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email and any attachments are for the exclusive and confidential use of the individual or individuals named above on behalf of the National Academy of Sciences. The information herein is privileged to the Academy. If you are not the intended recipient, any dissemination, retention, or copying of this communication and its attachments is prohibited.

Please do not feel obliged to reply to this email outside your standard working hours.

Stay connected to the PNAS Journals:
Follow PNAS Nexus and PNAS on X/Twitter
Join PNAS Nexus and PNAS on Bluesky
Find PNAS Nexus and PNAS on Facebook
Connect with PNAS Nexus and PNAS on LinkedIn